What is Cucumber Options?
In layman language, @CucumberOptions are like property files or settings for your test.
Basically @CucumberOptions enables us to do all the things that we could have done if we have used cucumber command line.
This is very helpful and of utmost importance, if we are using IDE such eclipse only to execute our project.

Dry Run
dryRun option can either set as true or false. If it is set as true, it means that Cucumber will only check that every Step
 mentioned in the Feature File has corresponding code written in Step Definition file or not.
 So in case any of the functions are missed in the Step Definition for any Step in Feature File, it will give us the message.
 For practice just add the code 'dryRun = true' in TestRunner class:

 Monochrome
 This option can either set as true or false. If it is set as true, it means that the console output for the Cucumber test
 are much more readable. And if it is set as false, then the console output is not as readable as it should be.
 For practice just add the code 'monochrome = true' in TestRunner class:

 Features
 Features Options helps Cucumber to locate the Feature file in the project folder structure. You must have notices that we have been specifying the Feature Option in the TestRunner class since the first chapter. All we need to do is to specify the folder path and Cucumber will automatically find all the '.features' extension files in the folder. It can be specified like:

 features = "Feature"

 Or if the Feature file is in the deep folder structure

 features = "src/test/features"

 Glue
 It is almost the same think as Features Option but the only difference is that it helps Cucumber to locate the Step Definition file.
 Whenever Cucumber encounters a Step, it looks for a Step Definition inside all the files present in the folder mentioned in Glue Option.
 It can be specified like:

 glue = "stepDefinition"

 Or if the Step Definition file is in the deep folder structure

 glue = "src/test/stepDeinition"


 Format
 Format Option is used to specify different formatting options for the output reports. Various options that can be used as for-matters are:

 Pretty: Prints the Gherkin source with additional colors and stack traces for errors. Use below code:

 format = {"pretty"}

 HTML: This will generate a HTML report at the location mentioned in the for-matter itself. Use below code:

 format = {"html:Folder_Name"}

 JSON: This report contains all the information from the gherkin source in JSON Format.
 This report is meant to be post-processed into another visual format by 3rd party tools such as Cucumber Jenkins. Use the below code:

 format = {"json:Folder_Name/cucumber.json"}

 JUnit: This report generates XML files just like Apache Ant’s JUnit report task.
 This XML format is understood by most Continuous Integration servers, who will use it to generate visual reports. use the below code:

 format = { "junit:Folder_Name/cucumber.xml"}